2024/05/18 10:13 PM|If you had one thing you could do over today, what would it be?|That's a good question. Today was a bit of a struggle. We went and saw my dad and my sisters, which was good. We did it to celebrate my daughter's birthday. It was a good visit. The struggle, however, came in juggling family time with homework. When we got home, my wife suggested we walk the dog. I was already feeling a bit grumpy, but I agreed. He's a large for his size golden retriever and my wife is pregnant, so I didn't want her walking him by herself. I'm glad I went, because he saw one of our neighbors and yanked on me super hard. So hard, in fact, that it broke the leash. I was livid, and wishing at the time that I hadn't gone. Now, however, I'm glad I did, because that would've been bad news for my little wife. God is good.
2024/05/18 10:17 PM|If you had one thing you could do over today, what would it be?|Not this journal prompt! Already did it.
2024/05/18 10:17 PM|Who was the most interesting person you interacted with today?|My dad. I always love visiting him and hearing what he has to say. He's very funny, incredibly smart, and full of wisdom. He didn't really drop any pearls today, but it was still fun to spend some time with him. I'm glad he's still alive. I wish I could say the same for Mom.
2024/05/18 10:19 PM|What was the strongest emotion you felt today?|Joy! And Anger. I felt great joy when I got this program working, and I felt anger when my dog broke the leash. I was still fuming at the end of the walk when my son started throwing a ball passed the dog. I asked him not to because it was causing the dog to yank of my makeshift leash some more, but he ignored me and did it anyway. That made me see red, but I didn't act on my desires and he's still alive, so that's worth something. The joy of finishing this assignment is pretty strong, though. I'm proud. It was incredibly challenging. I still need to do the "Exceeding Requirements" bit, but I'm afraid I'm going to put that and the articulate portion of this assignment off until tomorrow. I know, way to break the sabbath. Don't judge me.
2024/05/21 02:27 PM|What is something good you did for someone else today?|My daughter had school activity where parents came and listened to them read a page out of a book they'd made as a class. The page was one that they, the student, wrote. She was very happy to see Lis and me, so it was definitely worth it. Going out of my way to do things like that really seems to have a positive impact on my relationship with my daughter.
